---
title: "[ICPC2024 Xi'an I] The Last Cumulonimbus Cloud"
layout: "post"
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P10559
tag: ['2024', 'O2优化', 'ICPC']
usemathjax: true
---

# [ICPC2024 Xi'an I] The Last Cumulonimbus Cloud
## 题目描述

Every April, the city is always shrouded under cumulonimbus clouds.

This city is connected by $n$ buildings and $m$ two-way streets. In order to facilitate people's travel, any two buildings can directly or indirectly reach each other through the streets. At the same time, no street connects the same building, and there is at most one street that connects each pair of buildings.

The pace of life in this city is very slow because the city layout is not very bulky.

Specifically,if we consider this city as an undirected graph $G$ ,it is guaranteed that for any non empty subgraph in this graph,there is at least one building inside it that connects up to 10 streets within the subgraph.

The rain is not stopping, and the number of cumulonimbus clouds is constantly increasing. At the beginning, there are $a_i$ cumulonimbus clouds above the $i$ -th building, but in the following $q$ days, one of the following two events will occur every day:

- $\text{1 x v}$ $v$ cumulonimbus clouds have been added over the $x$ -th building.
- $\text{2 x}$ you need to report how many cumulonimbus clouds are in total over all buildings directly connected to building $x$.
## 输入格式

The first line contains three integers $n,m,q(1\le n\le 3\times 10^5,1\leq m\leq 3\times 10^6, 1\leq q\leq 2\times 10^6)$.

Each of the next $m$ lines contains two integers $x,y(1\leq x,y\leq n,x\neq y)$, which represents a street connecting the $x$ -th and $y$ -th buildings.

Each of the next $n$ lines contains an integer $a_i(0\leq a_i\leq 100)$.

Each of the next $q$ lines contains two or three integers, if the first integer is $1$, it represents a first type of event, and the next two integers represent $x,v(0\leq v\leq 100)$. If the first integer is $2$, it represents a second type of event, the next integer represents $x$.
## 输出格式

Several rows, each representing a query result for a second type of event.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4 6 10
2 4
2 3
4 3
3 1
4 1
2 1
0
7
1
6
2 4
2 2
1 3 3
2 1
1 1 9
2 4
2 2
1 3 6
2 4
2 2
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
8
7
17
20
19
26
25
```
## 题目翻译

你有一个 $n(1\le n\le 3\times 10^5)$ 个点，$m(1\le m\le 3\times 10^6)$ 条边的无向图。

保证这个图的任意一个非空子图都至少有一个点的度数小于 $10$。

每个点初时有一个权值 $a_i$。

现在要执行 $q(1\le q\le 2\times 10^6)$ 次操作：

- $\text{1 x v}$ 给第 $x$ 个点的权值加 $v$。
- $\text{2 x}$ 询问第 $x$ 个点所有相邻的点的权值之和（不包括自己）。
