---
title: "[ICPC2020 Nanjing R] Monster Hunter"
layout: "post"
diff: 提高+/省选-
pid: P9634
tag: ['动态规划,dp', '2020', 'Special Judge', 'O2优化', '树形 dp', 'ICPC', '南京']
usemathjax: true
---

# [ICPC2020 Nanjing R] Monster Hunter
## 题目描述

There is a rooted tree with $n$ vertices and the root vertex is $1$. In each vertex, there is a monster. The hit points of the monster in the $i$-th vertex is $hp_i$.

Kotori would like to kill all the monsters. The monster in the $i$-th vertex could be killed if the monster in the direct parent of the $i$-th vertex has been killed. The power needed to kill the $i$-th monster is the sum of $hp_i$ and the hit points of all other living monsters who lives in a vertex $j$ whose direct parent is $i$. Formally, the power equals to 
$$
hp_i + \sum_{\begin{array}{c}\text{the monster in vertex } j \text{ is \bf{alive}} \\ \text{and } i \text{ is the direct parent of } j \end{array}} hp_j
$$

In addition, Kotori can use some magic spells. If she uses one magic spell, she can kill any monster using $0$ power without any restriction. That is, she can choose a monster even if the monster in the direct parent is alive.

For each $m=0,1,2,\cdots,n$, Kotori would like to know, respectively, the minimum total power needed to kill all the monsters if she can use $m$ magic spells.
## 输入格式

There are multiple test cases. The first line of input contains an integer $T$ indicating the number of test cases. For each test case:

The first line contains an integer $n$ ($2 \le n \le 2 \times 10^3$), indicating the number of vertices.

The second line contains $(n-1)$ integers $p_2,p_3,\cdots,p_n$ ($1 \le p_i < i$), where $p_i$ means the direct parent of vertex $i$.

The third line contains $n$ integers $hp_1,hp_2,\cdots,hp_n$ ($1 \le hp_i \le 10^9$) indicating the hit points of each monster.

It's guaranteed that the sum of $n$ of all test cases will not exceed $2 \times 10^3$.
## 输出格式

For each test case output one line containing $(n+1)$ integers $a_0, a_1, \cdots, a_n$ separated by a space, where $a_m$ indicates the minimum total power needed to kill all the monsters if Kotori can use $m$ magic spells.

Please, DO NOT output extra spaces at the end of each line, otherwise your answer may be considered incorrect!
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
5
1 2 3 4
1 2 3 4 5
9
1 2 3 4 3 4 6 6
8 4 9 4 4 5 2 4 1
12
1 2 2 4 5 3 4 3 8 10 11
9 1 3 5 10 10 7 3 7 9 4 9
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
29 16 9 4 1 0
74 47 35 25 15 11 7 3 1 0
145 115 93 73 55 42 32 22 14 8 4 1 0
```
## 题目翻译

给定一棵树和点权 $hp_i$，如果需要标记一个点 $i$ 的话，你会付出 $hp_i$ 再加上**所有 $i$ 的直接子节点的权值**的代价，必须先标记 $i$ 的父节点才能标记 $i$（根节点除外）。你可以使用魔法，每使用一次魔法，可以选择一个**未被标记**的点 $x$ 进行无代价标记（即在 $x$ 的父节点未被标记的时候）。求所有点都被标记掉的最少代价。
