---
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P10861
name: "[HBCPC2024] MACARON Likes Happy Endings"
tag: ['动态规划,dp', '2024', 'O2优化', '分治', '四边形不等式', 'XCPC', '湖北']
---
# [HBCPC2024] MACARON Likes Happy Endings
## 题目描述

MACARON is going to read a book, which contains $n$ chapters, and the $i$-th chapter has $a_i$ characters. 
MACARON wants to read this book in the next $k$ days. 
On each day, he either reads several chapters from the first unread chapter, or just takes a rest (does not read the book), but he should finish his reading in $k$ days.

MACARON enjoys his reading time and likes happy endings, so he does not want to be too sad during these days.
He has an unlucky number $d$, because he thinks number $d$ will lead to a bad ending.
We use a sadness value to quantify his mood on each day.
On the $i$-th day, if he reads, suppose that he reads chapters from $L_i$ to $R_i$.
The sadness value of this day is the number of intervals $[l, r]$ such that $L_i\leq l\leq r\leq R_i$ and $\bigoplus_{i=l}^r a_i=d$.
The $\oplus$ denotes the bitwise XOR operator.
If he doesn't read, let the sadness value be $0$.

MACARON wants to arrange his reading schedule to minimize the sum of sadness value in $k$ days.
Can you help him find the minimum value?
## 输入格式

The first line contains three integers $n, k$ and $d$ ($1\leq n\leq 10^5, 1\leq k\leq \min(n, 20), 0\leq d\leq 10^6$) --- the number of chapters, the days for reading, and the unlucky number.

The second line contains $n$ integers $a_i$ ($0\leq a_i\leq 10^6$) --- the number of characters in each chapter.
## 输出格式

Output a single integer denoting the minimized sum of the sadness value.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
10 4 5
1 2 3 4 5 5 6 5 4 3
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
3
```
## 提示

Here is an optimal schedule for reading:

- on the first day, just take a rest, and the sadness value is 0;
- on the second day, read from chapter 1 to chapter 3, and the sadness value is 0;
- on the third day, read from chapter 4 to chapter 7, and the sadness value is 2;
- on the fourth day, read from chapter 8 to chapter 10, and the sadness value is 1.
