---
title: "[USACO11FEB] Cow Line S"
layout: "post"
diff: 普及+/提高
pid: P3014
tag: ['贪心', '2011', 'USACO', '枚举', '康托展开']
---
# [USACO11FEB] Cow Line S
## 题目描述

The N (1 <= N <= 20) cows conveniently numbered 1...N are playing yet another one of their crazy games with Farmer John. The cows will arrange themselves in a line and ask Farmer John what their line number is. In return, Farmer John can give them a line number and the cows must rearrange themselves into that line.

A line number is assigned by numbering all the permutations of the line in lexicographic order.

Consider this example:

Farmer John has 5 cows and gives them the line number of 3.

The permutations of the line in ascending lexicographic order: 1st: 1 2 3 4 5

2nd: 1 2 3 5 4

3rd: 1 2 4 3 5

Therefore, the cows will line themselves in the cow line 1 2 4 3 5.

The cows, in return, line themselves in the configuration '1 2 5 3 4' and ask Farmer John what their line number is.

Continuing with the list:

4th : 1 2 4 5 3

5th : 1 2 5 3 4

Farmer John can see the answer here is 5

Farmer John and the cows would like your help to play their game. They have K (1 <= K <= 10,000) queries that they need help with. Query i has two parts: C\_i will be the command, which is either 'P' or 'Q'.

If C\_i is 'P', then the second part of the query will be one integer A\_i (1 <= A\_i <= N!), which is a line number. This is Farmer John challenging the cows to line up in the correct cow line.

If C\_i is 'Q', then the second part of the query will be N distinct integers B\_ij (1 <= B\_ij <= N). This will denote a cow line. These are the cows challenging Farmer John to find their line number.


## 输入格式

\* Line 1: Two space-separated integers: N and K

\* Lines 2..2\*K+1: Line 2\*i and 2\*i+1 will contain a single query.

Line 2\*i will contain just one character: 'Q' if the cows are lining up and asking Farmer John for their line number or 'P' if Farmer John gives the cows a line number.

If the line 2\*i is 'Q', then line 2\*i+1 will contain N space-separated integers B\_ij which represent the cow line. If the line 2\*i is 'P', then line 2\*i+1 will contain a single integer A\_i which is the line number to solve for.

## 输出格式

\* Lines 1..K: Line i will contain the answer to query i.

If line 2\*i of the input was 'Q', then this line will contain a single integer, which is the line number of the cow line in line 2\*i+1.

If line 2\*i of the input was 'P', then this line will contain N space separated integers giving the cow line of the number in line 2\*i+1.

## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
5 2 
P 
3 
Q 
1 2 5 3 4 

```
### 样例输出 #1
```
1 2 4 3 5 
5 

```
## 题目翻译

第一行两个整数 $N,K$。

接下来有 $K$ 组询问，每组询问里先给出 $C_i$，表示操作类型。

如果 $C_i$ 是 `P`，下面给出一个整数 $A_i$，表示求 $1$ 到 $N$ 的第 $A_i$ 个全排列。

如果 $C_i$ 是 `Q`，下面给出 $N$ 个整数 $B_{i,j}$，表示求 $B_{i,1}$ 到 $B_{i,N}$ 这个序列是 $1$ 到 $N$ 的第几个全排列。

对于每个询问，输出相应的答案。

数据范围：$1≤N≤20$，$1≤K≤10^4$，$1≤A_i≤N!$，$1≤B_i≤N$。
