---
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P3476
name: [POI2008] TRO-Triangles
tag: ['计算几何', '2008', 'POI（波兰）', '深度优先搜索,DFS', '叉积']
---
# [POI2008] TRO-Triangles
## 题目描述

$n$ pairwise disjoint points in the plane are given ($n\ge 3$).

There are $\dfrac{n(n-1)(n-2)}{6}$ triangles whose    vertices are some pairwise different points among them    (including degenerate triangles, i.e. ones whose vertices are collinear).

We want to calculate the sum of areas of all the triangles with vertices    in the given points.

Those parts of the plane that belong to many triangles are to be calculated    multiple times. We assume that the area of degenerate triangles (i.e. those    with collinear vertices) is zero.

<Task>

Write a programme that:

reads from the standard input the coordinates of the points in the plane,                 determines the sum of the areas of all the triangles with vertices in       the given points,                  prints out the result to the standard output.



## 输入格式

In the first line of the standard input there is one integer $n$ ($3\le n\le 3000$) denoting the number of selected points.

Each of the following $n$ lines contains two integers $x_i$ and $y_i$ ($0\le x_i,y_i\le 10^4$) separated by a single space and denoting   the coordinates of the $i^\mathrm{th}$ point (for $i=1,2,\cdots,n$).

No pair (ordered) of coordinates appears more than once.

## 输出格式

In the first and only line of the standard output there should be one   real number equal to the sum of the areas of all the triangles with   vertices in the given points. The outcome should be printed out with   exactly one digit after dot and should not differ from the correct value   by more than $0.1$.

## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
5
0 0
1 2
0 2
1 0
1 1

```
### 样例输出 #1
```
7.0

```
## 题目翻译

给定平面上的一些点，求这些点能组成的所有三角形的面积之和。
