---
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P6993
name: "[NEERC2014] Improvements"
tag: ['2014', 'ICPC']
---
# [NEERC2014] Improvements
## 题目描述



Son Halo owns $n$ spaceships numbered from $1$ to $n$ and a space station. They are initially placed on one line with the space station so the spaceship $i$ is positioned $x_i$ meters from the station and all ships are on the same side from the station $(x_i > 0)$ . All $x_i$ are distinct. Station is considered to have number $0$ and $x_0$ is considered to be equal to $0$ .

Every two spaceships with consequent numbers are connected by a rope, and the first one is connected to the station. The rope number $i$ (for $1 \le i \le n)$ connects ships $i$ and $i-1.$ Note, that the rope number $1$ connects the first ship to the station.

Son Halo considers that the rope $i$ and the rope $j$ intersect when the segments $[x_{i}^{min}, x_{i}^{max}]$ and $[x_{j}^{min}, x_{j}^{max}]$ have common internal point but neither one of them is completely contained in the other, where $x_{k}^{min} = \min(x_{k−1}, x_k)$, $x_{k}^{max} = max(x_{k−1}, x_k).$ That is:

$$\begin{cases} x_{i}^{min} < x_{j}^{min} \sim \& \sim x_{j}^{min} < x_{i}^{max} \sim \& \sim x_{i}^{max} < x_{j}^{max} \\ x_{j}^{min} < x_{i}^{min} \sim \& \sim x_{i}^{min} < x_{j}^{max} \sim \& \sim x_{j}^{max} < x_{i}^{max}  \end{cases}$$

Son Halo wants to rearrange spaceships in such a way, that there are no rope intersections. Because he is lazy, he wants to rearrange the ships in such a way, that the total number of ships that remain at their original position $x_i$ is maximal. All the ships must stay on the same side of the station and at different positions $x_i$ after rearrangement. However, ships can occupy any real positions $x_i$ after rearrangement.

Your task is to figure out what is the maximal number of ships that can remain at their initial positions.


## 输入格式



The first line of the input file contains $\(n\) (1 \le \(n\) \le 200 000)$ -- the number of ships. The following line contains $\(n\)$ distinct integers $\(x_i\) (1 \le \(x_i\) \le \(n\))$ -- the initial positions of the spaceships.


## 输出格式



The output file must contain one integer -- the maximal number of ships that can remain at their initial positions in the solution of this problem.


## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
4
1 3 2 4

```
### 样例输出 #1
```
3

```
### 样例输入 #2
```
4
1 4 2 3

```
### 样例输出 #2
```
4

```
## 提示

Time limit: 1 s, Memory limit: 256 MB. 


## 题目翻译

一个数轴上有 $n$ 个位置互异的点，第 $i$ 个点的坐标为 $x_i\ (x_i \gt 0)$，第 $i$ 个点和第 $i - 1$ 个点连了一根绳子（第 $1$ 个点和原点连了根绳子）定义两根绳子有交当且仅当它们跨越的区间有交且不是包含关系。你可以改变若干个点的坐标到一个任意的正实数位置，使得最后不存在任何两根绳子有交。最大化不动的点的个数。

$n\le 2\times 10^5$，$x_i$ 构成一个 $1,2,\cdots,n$ 的排列。
