---
diff: 省选/NOI-
pid: P9192
name: [USACO23OPEN] Pareidolia P
tag: ['动态规划,dp', '线段树', 'USACO', '2023', '矩阵加速']
---
# [USACO23OPEN] Pareidolia P
## 题目描述

Pareidolia is the phenomenon where your eyes tend to see familiar patterns in images where none really exist -- for example seeing a face in a cloud. As you might imagine, with Farmer John's constant proximity to cows, he often sees cow-related patterns in everyday objects. For example, if he looks at the string `bqessiyexbesszieb`, Farmer John's eyes ignore some of the letters and all he sees is `bessiebessie`.

Given a string $s$, let $B(s)$ represent the maximum number of repeated copies of `bessie` one can form by deleting zero or more of the characters from $s$. In the example above, $B(bqessiyexbesszieb)=2$. Furthermore, given a string $t$, let $A(t)$ represent the sum of $B(s)$ over all contiguous substrings $s$ of $t$.

Farmer John has a string t of length at most $2\times10^5$ consisting only of characters a-z. Please compute A(t), and how A(t) would change after $U (1\le U\le2\times10^5)$ updates, each changing a character of t. Updates are cumulative.
## 输入格式

The first line of input contains $t$.

The next line contains $U$, followed by $U$ lines each containing a position $p$ $(1\le p\le N)$ and a character $c$ in the range a-z, meaning that the pth character of $t$ is changed to $c$.
## 输出格式

Output $U+1$ lines, the total number of bessies that can be made across all substrings of $t$ before any updates and after each update.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
bessiebessie
3
3 l
7 s
3 s
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
14
7
1
7
```
## 提示

Before any updates, twelve substrings contain exactly $1$ `bessie` and $1$ string contains exactly $2$ `bessie`s, so the total number of bessies is $12⋅1+1⋅2=14$.

After one update, $t$ is `belsiebessie`. Seven substrings contain exactly one `bessie`.

After two updates, $t$ is `belsiesessie`. Only the entire string contains `bessie`.


Input $2$: $|t|,U\le300$;

Inputs $3-5$: $U\le10$;

Inputs $6-13$: $|t|,U\le10^5$;

Inputs $14-21$: No additional constraints.
## 题目翻译

给定一个字符串 $t$。

定义 $B(s)$ 表示 $s$ 这个字符串中删除一些字符后最多能找出多少个 ```bessie```。

定义 $A(t)$ 表示对于 $t$ 中的每个子串 $s$，求 $B(s)$ 的和。

先输出一开始的 $A(t)$。接下来有 $q$ 次修改，每次把 $t$ 中第 $p$ 个字符改成 $c$，要求输出每次修改完的 $A(t)$。
