---
diff: 普及-
pid: P9677
name: [ICPC2022 Jinan R] Stack Sort
tag: ['2022', 'O2优化', 'ICPC', '济南']
---
# [ICPC2022 Jinan R] Stack Sort
## 题目描述

You are given a permutation with $n$ numbers, $a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n (1\leq a_i\leq n, a_i\neq a_j\textrm{ when }i\neq j)$. 

You want to sort these numbers using $m$ stacks. Specifically, you should complete the following task: 

Initially, all stacks are empty. You need to push each number $a_i$ to the top of one of the $m$ stacks one by one, in the order of $a_1,a_2,\ldots, a_n$. $\textbf{After pushing all numbers in the stacks}$, you pop all the elements from the stacks in a clever order so that the first number you pop is $1$, the second number you pop is $2$, and so on. **If you pop an element from a stack $S$, you cannot pop any element from the other stacks until $S$ becomes empty.**

What is the minimum possible $m$ to complete the task?
## 输入格式

The first line contains one integer $T~(1\le T \le 10^5)$, the number of test cases.

For each test case, the first line contains one positive integer $n~(1\le n \le 5 \times 10^5)$. The next line contains $n$ integers $a_1,\ldots, a_n~(1 \le a_i\le n)$ denoting the permutation. It is guaranteed that $a_1,\ldots, a_n$ form a permutation, i.e. $a_i\neq a_j$ for $i \neq j$. 

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases is no more than $5\times 10^5$.

## 输出格式

For each test case, output the minimum possible $m$ in one line.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
3
1 2 3
3
3 2 1
5
1 4 2 5 3

```
### 样例输出 #1
```
3
1
4
```
## 题目翻译

你有一个 $n$ 项的数组 $a$ 和 $m$ 个栈，满足：
- $1\leq a_i\le n$，每一项各不相同。
- 对于 $i=1,2...n$，使 $a_i$ 成为任意一个栈的栈顶。
- 在每一项入栈后有一种方法使得 $1,2...,n$ 可以按照递增顺序依次出栈。

求 $m$ 的最小值。
