---
title: "[EC Final 2021] Beautiful String"
layout: "post"
diff: 提高+/省选-
pid: P9873
tag: ['字符串', '2021', 'O2优化', 'ICPC']
---
# [EC Final 2021] Beautiful String
## 题目描述

Prof. Pang recently got a dictionary of the elvish language, including many strings representing their words. He thinks a partition of string $s$ is beautiful if both of the following conditions are satisfied:

- $s = s_1 + s_2 + s_3 + s_4 + s_5 + s_6$, where $s_i (1\leq i\leq 6)$ are nonempty substrings. $a + b$ means the concatenation of string $a$ and $b$ here.
- $s_1 = s_2 = s_5, s_3 = s_6$.


For example, you can partition the string ``114514`` into $6$ parts : ``114514`` = ``1`` + ``1`` + ``4`` + ``5`` + ``1`` + ``4``. The first, second, fifth parts are the same, and the third and sixth parts are the same. Thus, the partition of $s=$``114514`` into $s_1=$``1``, $s_2=$``1``, $s_3=$``4``, $s_4=$``5``, $s_5=$``1``, and $s_6=$``4`` is beautiful. 

Accordingly, the beauty of a string $s$ is defined as the number of beautiful partitions of $s$.

Given a string $t$, please help Prof. Pang to figure out the sum of beauties of all substrings of $t$.

## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $T~(1\leq T \le 50)$ indicating the number of test cases. 

For each test case, there is one single line containing the string $t$, consisting of digits from `0' to `9'.

It is guaranteed that the length of each $t$ in each test case will not exceed $5000$ and the total length will not exceed $30000$.
## 输出格式

For each test case, output a single line containing an integer, indicating the sum of beauties of all substrings of $t$.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
2
114514
0000000
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
1
3
```
## 题目翻译

当字符串 $s$ 的一个**划分**满足如下条件：

- $s = s_1 + s_2 + s_3 + s_4 + s_5 + s_6$，其中 $s_i (1\leq i\leq 6)$ 为非空子串，$a + b$ 表示将字符串 $b$ 接于 $a$ 后。

- $s_1 = s_2 = s_5, s_3 = s_6$。

则称该**划分**是**美丽的**。

字符串 $s$ 的**美丽值**定义为 $s$ 的不同的**美丽的划分**的个数。

给出字符串 $s$，求其**所有子串**的**美丽值之和**。
