---
title: "[EC Final 2021] Check Pattern is Bad"
layout: "post"
diff: NOI/NOI+/CTSC
pid: P9878
tag: ['2021', 'Special Judge', 'O2优化', '构造', 'ICPC']
---
# [EC Final 2021] Check Pattern is Bad
## 题目描述

Prof. Pang is given an $n\times m$ board. Some cells are colored black, some cells are colored white, and others are uncolored.

Prof. Pang doesn't like $\textbf{check patterns}$, so he wants to color all uncolored cells such that there is no check pattern on the board.

$4$ cells forming a $2\times 2$ square are said to have the check pattern if they are colored in one of the following ways:

```plain
BW
WB
```

```plain
WB
BW
```

Here `W` ("wakuda" in Chewa language) means the cell is colored black and `B` ("biancu" in Corsican language) means the cell is colored white.
## 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $T$ $(1\leq T \leq 10^4)$ denoting the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains two integers $n$ and $m$ ($1\le n, m\le 100$) denoting the dimensions of the board.

Each of the next $n$ lines contains $m$ characters. The $j$-th character of the $i$-th line represents the status of the cell on the $i$-th row and $j$-th column of the board. The character is `W` if the cell is colored black, `B` if the cell is colored white, and `?` if the cell is uncolored. 

It is guaranteed that the sum of $nm$ over all test cases is no more than $10^6$.
## 输出格式

For each test case, output a line containing $\texttt{NO}$ if you cannot color all the uncolored cells such that there is no check pattern on the board.

Otherwise, output a line containing $\texttt{YES}$. In the next $n$ lines, output the colored board in the same format as the input. The output board should satisfy the following conditions.

- It does not have any check pattern.
- It consists of only $\texttt{B}$ and $\texttt{W}$.
- If a cell is already colored in the input, its color cannot be changed in the output.

If there are multiple solutions, output any of them.
## 样例

### 样例输入 #1
```
3
2 2
??
??
3 3
BW?
W?B
?BW
3 3
BW?
W?W
?W?
```
### 样例输出 #1
```
YES
BW
WW
NO
YES
BWB
WWW
BWB
```
## 题目翻译

$n \times m$ 的棋盘，知道一些位置是黑色的，一些位置是白色的，一些位置不知道是什么颜色。

请你构造一种方案让棋盘的每个位置被染成黑色或白色（已知的位置不能换颜色），使得棋盘上不存在子矩阵：

```
BW
WB
```

以及
```
WB
BW
```


多组询问。
